Ah, chairperson.
You must be mistaken about this Zhao Ruolan
He's a game engraver
Bitch who is still being raised
How could he possibly be the champion of the song?
This is the monitoring report my dad didn't return
It's clearly written inside
I didn't eat at all when I competed with Ruolan
Win the weightlifting championship and find Ruolan worthy of her name
Impossible this is impossible
Zhao Ruolan is just a woman
How could it possibly compare to my son?
My son lifted 500 kilos.
How could he possibly have that much strength?
Jax, you must be mistaken
I've already lifted 500 kilos.
It's enough to amaze everyone
And the key is mine
You lifted 500 kilos. Isn't that amazing?
Do you know how many kilograms Zhao Ruolan lifted?
Your 500kg score
Nothing in front of Zhao Ruolan
Zhao Ruolan is a woman
Can you lift 600 kilograms without relying on the section chief?
Ah.
600 kilograms is nothing
Could it be that Zhao Ruolan lifted more than 600 kilograms?
Over 600 kilos. That's unbelievable.